Add installation info to README.md (#93)
jaredlll08/Clumps: README.md

# Clumps

> Clumps groups XP orbs together into a single entity to reduce lag when there are many in a small area. Ontop of this, it also makes the player immediately collect the orbs once they touch the player, so you are not stuck with a bunch of orbs in your face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clumps groups XP orbs together into a single entity to reduce lag when there are many in a small area. On top of this, it also makes the player immediately collect the orbs once they touch the player, so you are not stuck with a bunch of orbs in your face.
```
